The important thing to know here is that whatever we export here, this object is a vue instance or
is the same object we use in a vue instance, we will later on use this as a component,
we can use it like here with the render function to render that, it is used as a vue instance and therefore
it has the same properties,
so we can setup methods there, we can setup computed there,
we also can setup data there but I'll come back to data because there's something special about using
data there.
So the key takeaway is this object behaves like a vue instance, as a side note,
you don't have to export this, using this file like this is fine too,
it will work, as you can see here we see Hello world still because the script is not required but it
is required if you want to attach some business logic to this template
and if you for example want to use string interpolation there, well then you would here in this object
setup your data field with the data properties you want to interpolate and so on.
So this is how this file works
and what's so important to understand about it.